[oneTBB] collaborative_call_once algorithm (#362)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/algorithms/functions/collaborative_call_once_func.rst

the *Winner* become *Moonlighters*. *Moonlighters* can *collaborate* with the *Winner* by joining nested parallelism.

If the invocation of the ``Func`` object was successful, the flag is considered spent and can no longer be reused.
If the invocation throws an exception, it is rethrown only by the *Winner*. The flag remains in its initial state,
so *Moonlighters* will try to become the winner again.

collaborative_once_flag Class
-----------------------------

Helper class that ``collaborative_call_once`` uses to perform a call only once and to connect the *Winner*
and *Moonlighters* for a collaboration.

.. toctree::
    :titlesonly:

    collaborative_once_flag_cls.rst

Example
-------

The following example sketches a class in which the "Lazy initialization" pattern is implemented on the field
"cachedProperty"

.. code:: cpp

    #include "tbb/collaborative_call_once.h"

    extern double foo(int i);

    class LazyData {
        tbb::collaborative_once_flag flag;
        double cachedProperty;
    public:
        double getProperty() {
            tbb::collaborative_call_once(flag, [&] {

>                 // serial part
>                 std::atomic<double> result;
> 
>                 // parallel part where threads can collaborate
>                 tbb::parallel_for(0, 1000, [&] (int r) {
>                     result += foo(r);
>                 });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                // serial part
                double result{};

                // parallel part where threads can collaborate
                result = oneapi::tbb::parallel_reduce(oneapi::tbb::blocked_range<int>(0, 1000),
                    [&] (auto r, double r) {
                        for(int i = r.begin(); i != r.end(); ++i) {
                            r += foo(i);
                        }
                        return r;
                    },
                    std::plus<double, double>{}
                );
```

> .. SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2019-2021 Intel Corporation

Reviewer 2: Since you added the new file the copyright notice should be SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2021 Intel Corporation
That is - no range of years, only current one.

..
.. SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0

=======================
collaborative_call_once
=======================
**[algorithms.collaborative_call_once]**

Function template that executes function exactly once.

.. code:: cpp

    // Defined in header <oneapi/tbb/collaborative_call_once.h>

    namespace oneapi {
        namespace tbb {

            template<typename Func, typename... Args>
            void collaborative_call_once(collaborative_once_flag& flag, Func&& func, Args&&... args);

        } // namespace tbb
    } // namespace oneapi

Requirements:

* ``Func`` type must meet the ``Function Objects``
  requirements from the [function.objects] ISO C++ Standard section.

Executes the ``Func`` object only once, even if called concurrently. It allows other threads
blocked on the same ``collaborative_once_flag`` to join oneTBB parallel construction called

> inside the ``Func`` object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
within the ``Func`` object.
```

In case of the exception thrown from the ``Func`` object, the thread calling the ``Func`` object 
receives this exception. One of the threads blocked on the same ``collaborative_once_flag``
calls the ``Func`` object again. 

collaborative_once_flag Class
-----------------------------

.. toctree::
    :titlesonly:

    collaborative_once_flag_cls.rst

Example
-------

> The following example sketches a class in which the "Lazy initialization" pattern is implemented on the field

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following example shows a class in which the "Lazy initialization" pattern is implemented on the "cachedProperty" field.
```
